Update BrandSelect props (#593)
seek-oss/wingman: fe/lib/components/BrandSelect/README.md

Optional:

- `client`: An `ApolloClient` instance. By default BrandSelect uses the client passed down via context, but a different client can be passed in.

> - `pageSize`: A number of branding per page.
> - `initialBrandId`: An initial [AdvertisementBranding identifier](https://developer.seek.com/schema/#/named-type/AdvertisementBranding/field/id) to be selected in a paginated list of advertisement brandings.
> - `showCopyableOid`: A flag to show a button `Copy OID` in each brand tile
> - `onSelect`: Callback function that is supplied an [AdvertisementBranding identifier](https://developer.seek.com/schema/#/named-type/AdvertisementBranding/field/id) on brand selection.
> - `onBrandingQueryResponse`: Callback function that is supplied an [AdvertisementBrandingsConnection](https://developer.seek.com/schema/#/named-type/AdvertisementBrandingsConnection) on the [advertisementBrandings query](https://developer.seek.com/schema/#/query/advertisementBrandings) response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `pageSize`: The number of brands per page.

- `initialBrandId`: An initial [AdvertisementBranding identifier] to be selected in the paginated list of brands.

- `onSelect`: Callback function that is supplied an [AdvertisementBranding identifier] when the user selects a brand.

- `showCopyableOid`: A flag to show a "Copy OID" button on each brand tile.
  This is intended for developer use and should not appear in a production job posting flow.

- `onBrandingQueryResponse`: Callback function that is supplied an [AdvertisementBrandingsConnection] on the [advertisementBrandings query] response.
  This can be used to render or log the SEEK API response for debugging.

[AdvertisementBranding identifier]: https://developer.seek.com/schema/#/named-type/AdvertisementBranding/field/id 
[AdvertisementBrandingsConnection]: https://developer.seek.com/schema/#/named-type/AdvertisementBrandingsConnection
[advertisementBrandings query]: https://developer.seek.com/schema/#/query/advertisementBrandings 
```
